docs: add example to fully override http responses (#4564)
grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway: docs/docs/mapping/customizing_your_gateway.md

}
```

### Fully Overriding Custom HTTP Responses

To fully override custom HTTP responses, you can use both a Forward Response Option and a Custom Marshaller.

For example with proto response message as:

```proto
message CreateUserResponse {
  string name = 1;
}
```

The desired HTTP response:

```json5
HTTP 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{"name":"John Doe"}
```

But you want to return a `201 Created` status code along with a custom response structure:

```json5
HTTP 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{"success":true,"data":{"name":"John Doe"}}
```

First, set up the gRPC-Gateway with the custom options:

```go
mux := runtime.NewServeMux(
  runtime.WithMarshalerOption(runtime.MIMEWildcard, &ResponseWrapper{}),
  runtime.WithForwardResponseOption(forwardResponse),
)
```

Define the `forwardResponse` function to handle specific response types:

```go
func forwardResponse(ctx context.Context, w http.ResponseWriter, m protoreflect.ProtoMessage) error {
  switch v := m.(type) {
  case *pb.CreateUserResponse:
    w.WriteHeader(http.StatusCreated)
  }
  // keep default behavior
  return nil
}
```

> Create a custom marshaller to format the response data which utilizes the builtin JSON marshaller:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a custom marshaler to format the response data which utilizes the builtin JSON marshaler as a fallback:
```

```go
type ResponseWrapper struct {

>   runtime.JSONBuiltin

Reviewer: I think this should embed `runtime.JSONPb` to make sure it supports protobuf messages in general (the behavior will differ around things like enums, oneofs, etc). See https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway/v2/runtime#JSONPb.

}

func (c *ResponseWrapper) Marshal(data any) ([]byte, error) {
  resp := data
  switch v := data.(type) {
  case *pb.CreateUserResponse:
    // wrap the response in a custom structure
    resp = map[string]any{
      "success": true,
      "data":    data,
    }
  }
  // otherwise, use the default JSON marshaller

>   return json.Marshal(resp)

Reviewer: I think you may want to use `c.JSONPb.Marshal`? It's important to use a protobuf-aware JSON marshaler with protobuf types.
```suggestion
  return c.JSONPb.Marshal(resp)
```
